Rename terra-worklist-data-grid package (#1784)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-data-grid/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: Can we add a line above the 0.5 version stating that the component was formerly `terra-worklist-data-grid`?

Author: Added

# Changelog

## Unreleased

* Breaking Changes
  * Renamed `terra-worklist-data-grid` package to `terra-data-grid`.

>   * Changed WorklistDataGrid component from default to named export.

Reviewer: Let's also indicate the new import method here:

````suggestion
  * Changed WorklistDataGrid component from default to named export. WorklistDataGrid can now be imported as `import { WorklistDataGrid } from 'terra-data-grid'`.
  
````

* Changed
  * Updated the `terra-worklist-data-grid` component to provide row selection assistive technology messages based on the properties provided by the consumer.

___

> All release notes below apply to `terra-worklist-data-grid` package (renamed with following release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All release notes below apply to `terra-worklist-data-grid` package (renamed with the `0.6` release).
```
